Update and fix documentation (#112)
bytewax/bytewax: docs/articles/getting-started/execution.md

`run_main()` is best used for testing dataflows or doing prototyping in notebooks.

> Because it only uses a single worker, do not expect any speedup due to parallelism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because it only uses a single worker, do not expect any speedup from to parallelism.
```

## Multiple Worker Spawn Cluster

> Our next entry point introduces a more complex API to allow for more performance. `bytewax.execution.spawn_cluster()` will spawn a number of background processes and threads on the local machine to run your dataflow. Input and output are individual to each worker. `spawn_cluster()` will block until the dataflow is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next entrypoint, `bytewax.execution.spawn_cluster()`, is a more complex API that can be used to boost performance. `bytewax.execution.spawn_cluster()` will spawn a number of background processes and threads on the local machine to run your dataflow. With `spawn_cluster()`, the input and output are individual to each worker and the call will block until the dataflow is complete.
```

This is best used when you have an input source that can be partitioned without coordination, like a Kafka topic or partitioned Parquet files or logs from individual servers, and need higher throughput as all steps (including input and output) are run in parallel.

> You can however partition the input in this example using the information passed to the input_builder: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case that your inputs are not partitioned without coordination, you could partition the input in this example using the information passed to the input_builder: 
```

```python doctest:SORT_OUTPUT
def input_builder(worker_index, worker_count, resume_state):
    # Ignore recovery for the moment
    state = 0
    for state, item in enumerate(range(state, 3)):
        # Partition the input across workers
        if (item % worker_count == worker_index):
            yield(state, {"Worker": worker_index, "Item": item})

flow = Dataflow()
flow.input("inp", ManualInputConfig(input_builder))
flow.map(incr)
flow.capture(ManualOutputConfig(output_builder))
spawn_cluster(
    flow,
    proc_count=2,
    worker_count_per_proc=2,
    mp_ctx=doctest_ctx,  # Outside a doctest, you'd skip this.
)
```

```{testoutput}
{'Worker': 0, 'Item': 1}
{'Worker': 1, 'Item': 2}
{'Worker': 2, 'Item': 3}
```
## Multiple Workers Cluster Main

> The final entry point, `bytewax.execution.cluster_main()` is the most flexible. It allows you to start up a single process within a cluster of processes that you are manually coordinating, but you have to pass in the network addresses of the other processes you have started up yourself and assign them each a unique ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final entry point, `bytewax.execution.cluster_main()` is the most flexible. It allows you to start up a single process within a cluster of processes that you are manually coordinating, but you have to pass in the network addresses of the other processes you have started up yourself and assign them each a unique ID. We recommend you checkout the documentation on waxctl, our command line tool, which facilitates running a dataflow on kubernetes.
```
